






























Contents
Introduction	3
Ideas and Design	4
Wireframes	4
Home Page	4
Support Page	5
Chat Page	6
Games Page	7
Mood-board	8
Font	8
Colour Scheme	9
Navigation	9
Target Audience	11
Age	11
Gender	11
Lifestyle	11
Accessibility	11
Sources	13
Processes and Techniques	18
Creation and Software Experimentation:	19
Directory Structure and Files	28
Hardware Experimentation	30
Choices	31
Technical Skills and Processes	35
Wix Website Builder	35
Photoshop	37
Improvements	38






Introduction
I am going to make an interactive media product for a charity called Don’t Isol8. This product will support teenagers and young adults with their mental health. It will include methods of improving mental health and opportunities for those struggling with their mental health to get support.
I have decided to create a website for my product because it is a very universal, accessible product that is very widely used. This is important because it means that the user will be familiar with the product and how to use other similar products. This is important for a website about mental health because people may shy away from the unfamiliar, so having the comfort of the familiarity of a website will be extremely helpful.

 

Ideas and Design

Wireframes

Home Page
 
This is my wireframe for the home page. I have decided to go for a design that is engaging for people no matter their age. It is a very universal and familiar website design. It has a green banner across the top of the website because that will be one of the main colours of the website. It will have the logo and name of the charity on the green banner because it means that young people that want to visit the website know where they’re getting help from, so they can recommend it to others who may also need help with their mental health.
I have decided to make the images JPGs because they load very quickly which is essential on a website. Many people will turn away from a website if the images load slowly, which could end with terrible results if people in need of support don’t visit the website just because it is slow. 
I have included a navigation bar to help users navigate the site with ease. This is important because it means that people don’t have a difficult time navigating the website. My aim is to make the website as easy to use as possible. This will enable those in need of support to receive it as soon as possible.
The homepage will include a button that allows users to talk to someone as soon as they open the website. This is a very important feature because people struggling with mental health may need someone to talk to, and this means that those people can get the support they need as soon as they visit the website.



Support Page

 
This is my wireframe for my support page. It follows a very similar design to the home page to ensure familiarity for the user across the whole website. This is important because it allows the user to feel comfortable with the known in the website. It has the same banner, navigation bar, logo, and chat button included for all the reasons stated above.
I have decided to remove the heading image for the support page because it is not necessary when it is not on the home page, but instead I have included images in the main body of the text. It is important to include images in a website because it means that the website is more engaging for the user.


Chat Page
 
This is my wireframe for my chat page. It will be a very similar design to a generic messaging app so that it is easy and familiar experience for the user. This is very important because it will help people feel more comfortable using the chat page. This is essential when talking about a personal topic such as mental health – the focus of this website.
The chat bubbles create a more relaxed feel because it helps the user think of the person on the other end as a human rather than just a computer. This will also help make the user more comfortable because it will help them see the exchange as a conversation with a real person rather than the website.

Games Page
 

I decided to make a games page for people that are struggling and are overwhelmed when they’re visiting the website. It is a good tool for people to take their mind off whatever they’re thinking about and could really help someone distract themselves.
Anxiety can be very overwhelming for people and having a place to lose themselves in can be a great way to overcome the anxiety (in the short-term). If they get distracted by games, then they won’t worry about what they were previously worrying about. This gives them a chance to not have to worry for a while.
Mood-board
 
I created this mood-board to create a sense of what I wanted the website to look like. This shows the emotions that I want present in my website, and not a visual representation of what the website will look like. These images are creative commons licenced so this mood-board is only for personal use and will not be shared with anyone.
It covers the range of emotions that are present when talking about mental health issues. People may go through sadness, depression, anxiety, but what makes them feel better is support, happiness, and friendship. This is what I want to convey in my website. 
Font

I will use a sans-serif font for my website because I want it to look simple for the user. A serif font may cause the website to look too cluttered, and a display font may be too hard to read for some users. The sans-serif font that I have chosen for my product is Avenir Light:
Avenir Light Font
Avenir Light is a good choice for my website because it is a very minimalistic font that is very easy to use. This also makes my product more accessible for users who may have sight or reading impairments. An easy-to-read font is again, very important for a website about mental health because it means that the user won’t have to struggle to receive support.
 


Colour Scheme

This is the colour scheme I have chosen for my website. I chose the green and yellow because they are very neutral, calming colours which is helpful on a website about mental health. I chose the white because that is a nice neutral background for the website that isn’t distracting. I chose black for the text on the website because it will contrast the white background. Text that isn’t contrasting to the background can be hard to read for some people.
 




Navigation

 

This will be the navigation structure for my website. The website will open on the home page and there will be links to all the pages therefrom. All pages will have a button to the live chat page because this is very important for a website supporting people with their mental health. This website is not about self-promotion, so it will not try to keep users on the website, instead it will offer alternatives and other websites that can help people visiting that may be struggling with mental health issues.
I have purposely not made the website very big with lots of pages. This is because it is better to keep a website such as this one as concise as possible as to not flood the user with information. This means that the user will not be overwhelmed when visiting the website. This is very important because it enables the user to have a more positive experience when visiting the website.
The website will include not only resources for those who are struggling with mental health issues, but those looking to help others with their mental health. There will be guides for helping others and on the support others page, and for helping yourself on the support page. 
There will also be information about Don’t Isol8 on the about Don’t Isol8 page, which will inform people on what the charity does and how they can help support the charity, through financial contributions or volunteering.
The forum page will be a resource for people to talk to others who are struggling with mental health issues and connect with them. Talking to people in a similar situation can be very useful for those struggling with mental health issues. As part of this, each user will have an account and a profile. This means that other users can find them online. 
The quiz page will be there to help users to understand more about the way that they are feeling. Sometimes mental health issues are hard to comprehend for the person struggling with them, so this quiz should hopefully give visitors some clarity.
 

Target Audience

Age
My target audience is teenagers and young adults up to the age of 25. This is because this is the target audience for the charity that I am creating this website for. I will make my website more suitable for teenagers and young adults by including features such as interactive quizzes. This will appeal to younger people especially because they are generally more interested in technology.
I will make the website a calculated mix between text and information and colourful images. This is so that it appeals to people that are both on the younger and older end of my target audience. Younger people generally like a more colourful website, whereas an older audience may prefer more text.
Websites are a very good way of engaging with young people because they are often very comfortable using the internet and navigating websites. Putting the charity support on a platform that is very familiar for people will help it greatly.

Gender
My target audience is not gendered, it is targeted to all people. This means that I will need to create a website that is suitable for all genders. This means making a colour scheme that does not favour one gender over another. Some colour schemes are more engaging for some genders. Men may like a colour scheme including more blues, blacks, olive greens, women may like a colour scheme including more pink or purple colours.
I will use a colour scheme that includes more greens and yellows because this is a more neutral colour scheme for everyone visiting my website. This means that it will engage everyone that wants to go to the website, meaning higher success for Don’t Isol8.

Lifestyle
My target audience is all people that fit into the age range previously stated, so I won’t be targeting a specific type of people who have a specific lifestyle. This means that I won’t be creating anything that appears to exclude anyone. I will make a website that is all-inclusive. This means that I won’t make the website too fancy or showy because this could discourage people who aren’t used to that kind of website.

Accessibility
Because the target audience of my website is all-inclusive within the age-range I will be making my website very accessible for everyone. This will include options to adding alt-text for all images for those with sight-impairments, large text options, links will be very descriptive for screen-readers, etc.
This will ensure that as many people as possible can get support from my website without excluding anyone. This is essential because according to a report by the CDC in the US, People with disabilities are more prone to mental health issues, and this website will be a resource to help those people.






 

Sources

I will use a variety of sources to create my website. These will include tutorials on YouTube, information about mental health issues from websites such as Childline and other sources. I will use stock images for the images on my website because they are free to use and do not require credit. This means that the cost of creating the website will be lower than if I were to use images that require you to pay for them. I will find these images using google images – a tool that allows the user to find images to use online.
I may also use templates that I find online to influence the design of my website. This will allow for a more professional feel to the website which will reassure the users of the website that it is a charity that is reliable and trustworthy.
All sources that I use that require crediting will be credited at the bottom of the website. This allows me to use images that I wouldn’t otherwise be able to use in my website. 
I may also use images other assets that I have created in the past in my website. This will allow me to use these assets without having to credit or pay people for the use of the images. This again, lowers the costs of making a website.
 	Source

I used this image because it gives visitors to the website something to relate to. It shows someone struggling with mental health.
 	Source

I used this image because it shows people comforting each other. This is a big part of Don’t Isol8’s message.
 	Source

I used this image because it shows the power of friendship to help get over mental health problems. It fits well with the section of the website that it is in.
 	Source

I used this image because it shows a person that is struggling and getting help. This could be a subtle suggestion to someone visiting the website that is struggling with mental health issues to get help. 
 	Source: Wix images

I used this image to add detail to the site. It is positioned in a place asking visitors to become volunteers, so it gives visitors a visual aid.
 	Source


I used this image multiple times to show people that may be struggling with mental health that they are not alone.
 	Source



I used this image close up to show that other people struggle with mental health and that visitors to the website are not alone.
 	Source


I used this image to highlight the importance of sleep on people’s mental health.
 	Source



I used this image to show the importance of exercise for keeping healthy mentally.
 	Source



I used this image to demonstrate that learning a new skill can be a good method to overcome mental health problems
 	Source



I used this image to show that doing activities with friends can be a good way to feel better mentally.
 	Source



I used this image to illustrate the importance of checking up on your friends every day.
 	Source: Wix images




I used this image to demonstrate the importance of mindfulness and meditation.
 	Source

I used this image to illustrate helping a friend through mental health issues.
 	Source: Wix images



I used this image to illustrate someone struggling with mental health
 	Source: Wix images



I used this image to demonstrate that doing exercise with friends is a very good way to overcome mental health issues.
 	Source: Wix images



I used this image to demonstrate that doing activities with friends is a very good way to overcome mental health issues.
 	Source: Wix images



I used this image to demonstrate checking up on friends every day is a very good way to help them overcome mental health issues.
 	Source: Wix images


I used this image to show that mindfulness and meditation can be done with friends as well as by yourself.
 	Source: Wix images

I used this image to illustrate somebody with depression.
 	Source: Unsplash images

I used this image to illustrate someone who is in need of immediate help from somebody. This is on my crisis page, and it helps give a better understanding of what the page is about at first glance. This is important because the crisis page needs to be very intuitive for somebody in need of immediate help.
 	Source: Unsplash images

I used this image to illustrate being able to call the emergency services when in need of immediate help. This could be a really useful visual aid for somebody who is in that situation.

 

Processes and Techniques

I will use Wix website builder to create my website. This is an interactive website builder that allows the user to create high-quality websites without having to spend time creating the pages in HTML and CSS. This means that higher quality websites can be created in shorter time spans than otherwise would be possible. This will mean that the resulting website will be a much better design and quality than if I hadn’t used Wix.
I may also use some HTML, CSS, or JavaScript to add functionality to the website. This will allow me to create my website with more control over what exactly I am adding. Wix is a very powerful tool, but does not give complete control to the user, so I may use my own code that I have written.
I will use some of Wix’s features that include:
-	Adding text
-	Adding a header
-	Adding a navigation menu
-	Adding a live chat feature
-	Adding images
-	Etc.
These would take a very long time for me to create from scratch, and Wix will create the basic functionality for me within minutes which will allow me to create a higher quality website.
 

Creation and Software Experimentation:
Image	Explanation
 	This is the page in Wix that allows me to add functionality to my website. I have chosen the Blog and the Chat features. This is because I will use the blog feature to display information, and the chat feature to allow the user to talk to volunteers from Don’t Isol8.
 	
This is me editing the text for my website. I am adding a short explanatory paragraph to the home page about Don’t Isol8.

This will give people an idea about what the charity is about when they first enter the website.
 	
Here, I am changing the colour scheme of the website to fit with the colour scheme outlined above. These colours are important to create the right atmosphere for the website.
 	
I uploaded images to the website builder to add them to the slider on my website. I added multiple images which scroll through on the website.
 	
I edited this button to connect it to the “About” page. This means that there is an easy link for people visiting the website to find out about Don’t Isol8
 	
I created a welcome message for people looking at the website, it welcomes them and asks how they are. This could be really helpful for someone who is struggling with mental health.
 	

I created all my pages for my website. They are all accessible from the home page and in the navigation bar. Easy navigation is important so that users feel at ease when using the website
 	

I created a repeating list that has the same formatting across all of the elements. This allows for a professional look and a good user experience on the website.
 	

I added links to other pages that can support people with their mental health. This shows the window that allows me to create a link to another website from within my website.
 	

I added sections that I made to the saved sections section of Wix. This allowed me to use these same sections in other parts of my website.
 	

I created a forum section on my website. This will allow users to talk to each other online and support each other. I did this using the Wix apps section. This could be very supportive for people that are struggling with mental health issues.
 	I used the “Switch to mobile” button to view my website as if I was on a mobile phone. This allowed me to see what it would look like on a different piece of hardware. I used a virtual mobile phone to look at this. It is important that the website works on all platforms because the website has to be accessible to everyone.
 	

This is what my website would look like on a mobile device. I edited some of the website on mobile mode so that it would look better on a portrait device. These edits will only apply on portrait devices.
 	

I added a chat feature to the website so that people that want to talk to someone can talk to one of Don’t Isol8’s volunteers.
 	
I created a quick quiz for visitors for the site to tell if they are depressed or not. This can help people figure out what they are feeling. This can be important because sometimes mental health issues are very confusing.
 	

I added an app to help the website with accessibility options, but decided to remove it because it did not function as intended. I will try to find another option so that the website is accessible to as many people as possible.
 	

I created an option that allows users to translate the website to French, German, Spanish, and English. This means that people from other countries can benefit from the website.
 	

I used photoshop to edit some images to make them better suited to my website.
Here, I am increasing the canvas size.
 	

I used the spot heal tool to create more background around the image.
 	

This did not work very well so I decided not to use it. The image looks very unorganised and isn’t pleasant to look at. This is not ideal, because I don’t want people to not receive support because they were put off by a bad image.
 	

I edited this image to remove the path and trees. This was because I wanted it to look like the person in the picture was running through a field.
 	

I exported the image as a JPEG file because JPEG files are the best for websites because they’re small so they load quickly.
 	
I experimented with different effects for sections of my website. I liked the reveal effect, but it wasn’t the best so I didn’t use it.
 	

Instead, I used the parallax effect. It does a similar thing but feels more professional. A professional website means that people will benefit more because they feel like they can trust it more.
 	

I experimented with the spacing of my text on my home page. I decided to space it evenly across the whole width of the site.
 	

I added an image as the background to this section of the homepage. I experimented with different opacity and decided on 49%.
 	


I tried out different text types that added different shadows and effects to my text, and finally decided on effect D because it stood out the most. This is important so that people can read the text.
 	I experimented with using Wix’s inbuilt image editor, it was very useful and a lot easier to use than Photoshop because it was embedded in the website building website which meant I didn’t have to leave the browser and then embed the image again when I finished editing it. This editor automatically exported my files in the JPEG format which allowed for quick loading times when people visit my website.
 	
I used publisher to create and modify my design plans – wireframes, moodboards, and site-plan. This allowed me to create quick plans much more efficiently than using a photo editing tool such as photoshop.
 	
I edited my website’s logo to invert the colours. This will be used to create a welcome screen.
I used photoshop, and used the pencil, colour select, fill, invert selection, and colour picker tools.
 	
This is the welcome screen that I created. I played around with different animations. I decided not to use the fading animation because it looks tacky. I decided to use the slide in animation. This can only be viewed on the mobile site.
 	
I experimented with the design of the mobile site. Some elements didn’t work properly in portrait orientation, so I decided to hide them.
 	

I discovered that my text didn’t show when viewing the website as the mobile version, so I experimented with different settings until it showed.
 	
I experimented with different animations for my text, but I decided not to use any because it is unnecessary. A website about mental health shouldn’t overload the users with animations because that might be overwhelming.
 	

I experimented with different permissions to access the forum page. I decided not to make it members-only. This is because I want users to see it and be encouraged to sign up rather than be blocked by a login page.
 	
I used the Wix dashboard’s SEO wizard. This makes the website findable by search engines. This is useful because it means that people can find the website without previously knowing about it. 
 	
I experimented with animations for the navigation menu in mobile phone mode and decided to use fade in. I was going to use glide in, but after publishing the website, it didn’t work very well so I decided to replace it with fade in.
 	
I created a games page for people that may be going through something and need something to distract themselves with. This could be really helpful for someone with anxiety.
 	

I decided to change the image on the support for you site because it could be a bit overloading for some people.
 	

I was going to change it to this but the proportions didn’t work out very well.
 	

In the end I used this image. It’s a silhouette so it can apply to everyone that visits the page. It also feels slightly depressed which means that people might relate to it if they’re depressed.
 	
I’m using the spot heal tool to remove the socket on the wall because it is unnecessary.
 	
Result of removing socket. Removing unnecessary objects in images makes the website feel less cluttered which can give someone who may be struggling with mental health issues an easier experience using the website.

 
Directory Structure and Files

 	

I am saving my images as JPGs to ensure fast loading when the website is opened.
People generally don’t like to visit slow websites, and I want to make sure that every visitor gets the most out of their visit.
 	

I have organised my folder structure so that it is easy to navigate.
 	

Within my website folder I have sorted my files into webpages and images
 	
My images all have appropriate names, so I know what they are just by looking at the files in the file explorer. 
They are all also saved as JPG and JFIF file types because these are very light weight filetypes and don’t take long to load on a website
 	

I exported the image as a JPEG file because JPEG files are the best for websites because they’re small so they load quickly.
 	


I modified my file structure to include design ideas. This helped me keep my files organised.
 
Hardware Experimentation

I did not have access to a variety hardware as I was in a controlled environment, but I used the PC given and my phone under supervision of the invigilator. The PC was more than suitable for my needs and did not struggle with most of the tasks that I completed. I used the PC to create my product and create the write-up. I used my mobile phone to check what the website looked like on a portrait device in real-time. There was an option on Wix that allowed me to edit the website in mobile phone mode however that did not allow me to see the published site, so I had to use my phone.
If I had had access to a graphics tablet then I would’ve created a logo for Don’t Isol8, however I didn’t so I had to create one using photoshop. This means that it is slightly lower quality than if I had been able to use a graphics tablet, however it sufficed.
I would’ve also used the tablet to view the website in different resolutions. This would let me see how well the website responded to different devices visiting it. If it didn’t look good on a specific resolution, then people may be less likely to spend time on the website which is not ideal because someone might not receive the help they need because of it.
If I had access to a less powerful PC or laptop, I would’ve looked at the website on a browser on there. That would let me know how well lower-spec machines could handle the website. This is important because I want all users to be able to view my website without barriers.
It would’ve also been useful to use old devices with older OSs and browsers. This would again, show me how the website performs when presented with less higher powered machines. If older machines and software cannot handle my website that would be a problem because it means that the website wouldn’t be accessible to everyone.
 
Choices

 	
I added this image to my website, and then decided not to include it in the final product. This is because its resolution is not high enough. This means that it will look blurry on high-definition screens. This will make the website look unprofessional which is not a good look on a website.
 	

This did not work very well so I decided not to use it. The image looks very unorganised and isn’t pleasant to look at. This is not ideal, because I don’t want people to not receive support because they were put off by a bad image.

 	
I experimented with different effects for sections of my website. I liked the reveal effect, but it wasn’t the best so I didn’t use it.
 	

Instead, I used the parallex effect. It does a similar thing but feels more professional. A professional website means that people will benefit more because they feel like they can trust it more.
 	

I experimented with the spacing of my text on my home page. I decided to space it evenly across the whole width of the site.
 	

I added an image as the background to this section of the homepage. I experimented with different opacity and decided on 49%.
 	


I tried out different text types that added different shadows and effects to my text, and finally decided on effect D because it stood out the most. This is important so that people can read the text.
 	I experimented with using Wix’s inbuilt image editor, it was very useful and a lot easier to use than Photoshop because it was embedded in the website building website which meant I didn’t have to leave the browser and then embed the image again when I finished editing it. This editor automatically exported my files in the JPEG format which allowed for quick loading times when people visit my website.
 	
This is the welcome screen that I created. I played around with different animations. I decided not to use the fading animation because it looks tacky. I decided to use the slide in animation. This can only be viewed on the mobile site.
 	
I experimented with the design of the mobile site. Some elements didn’t work properly in portrait orientation, so I decided to hide them.
 	

I discovered that my text didn’t show when viewing the website as the mobile version, so I experimented with different settings until it showed.
 	
I experimented with different animations for my text, but I decided not to use any because it is unnecessary. A website about mental health shouldn’t overload the users with animations because that might be overwhelming.
 	

I experimented with different permissions to access the forum page. I decided not to make it members-only. This is because I want users to see it and be encouraged to sign up rather than be blocked by a login page.
 	
I experimented with animations for the navigation menu in mobile phone mode and decided to use fade in. I was going to use glide in, but after publishing the website, it didn’t work very well so I decided to replace it with fade in.
 	
I created a games page for people that may be going through something and need something to distract themselves with. This could be really helpful for someone with anxiety.
 	

I decided to change the image on the support for you site because it could be a bit overloading for some people.
 	

I was going to change it to this but the proportions didn’t work out very well.
 	

In the end I used this image. It’s a silhouette so it can apply to everyone that visits the page. It also feels slightly depressed which means that people might relate to it if they’re depressed.

 
Technical Skills and Processes
I have used Wix website builder to create my website. Wix is an online website building tool that allows you to build websites for free. (It also has paid versions but I used the free version). This allowed me to create an interactive website with relative ease and a wide variety of features. If I had not used Wix, then I wouldn’t have been able to create such an interactive website as I did.
In the process of creating my interactive website, I used a variety of skills.

Wix Website Builder
I used various skills whilst using the Wix website builder. These skills included, but were not limited to:
Screenshot of skill/process	Explanation
 	I had to know how to create and modify pages for my website. This was essential because it meant that I was able to create multiple pages for my website. This meant that everything was separated into sections that are easy to understand and easy to navigate. Having a website with all the information on one page would be confusing, and I wanted to make the website as  intuitive and accessible as possible.
 	To make my website as organised and accessible as possible, I had to be able to create sections on each page. Sections mean that I am able to categorise and separate each set of elements on a page by subject. This means that it is very clear and doesn’t look messy. It also helps screen-readers because they recognise sections and will tell the user what they are about. This is very important because the website has to be accessible to all, especially those with disabilities, because they are more likely to suffer from mental health problems – as shown in the study linked earlier.
 	I was able to add elements to my website. This means that it adds the content to the website. Without elements, the website would be blank. This is essential when creating a website, so that people have something to look at. I also had to select the correct type and size of text for different bits of the website, including headings for the titles and subtitles, and paragraph text for the main body of text. This is also important because people with screen-readers will be able to understand what is a title and what isn’t. If I were to make all the text one type and just change the size, people with screen-readers wouldn’t be able to tell what was a title and what was the main body of the text so easily.
 	I added animations to my website. This meant that the website had a much more professional and welcoming feel. This is because a website without animations can feel basic and may give the visitor a sense that the creators of the website may not know what they are doing. This is very important because a website about a mental health charity mustn’t give off that impression because people who may be struggling with mental health may be put off because of it.
 	I had to be able to edit HTML to create my website. This is because the games and other elements were made from pure html. Other elements were simpler to add, but the games, I had to create a frame to embed the game into. I did not create the games but instead got them from another website that had created them and embedded them into my website.

 
Photoshop
Screenshot of skill/process	Explanation
 	I had to be able to import images into Photoshop so that I could edit them. This meant that I could change what they looked like to suit my website better. This included navigating to the correct directory and selecting the file with the correct file type. This was all made easier by my directory structure which I made to sort my files into different section for ease of navigation. This meant that I could find my files efficiently and without having to search for them through unorganised files.
 	I used the spot-healing tool to replace some elements of the image with what was around it. This allowed me to erase certain parts of the image without it looking messy. For example, I was able to remove a light switch off a wall, and it looked like a continuous wall afterwards. 
 	I used the clone tool to cover over parts of the image that I wanted to remove without changing the overall look of the image with complete control. The clone tool allowed me to clone exactly what was in another section of the image rather than relying on computer-generated pixels. I used this when removing the tree from the image of the boy running. Being able to do this was useful because it meant that I could make my images and therefore my website less cluttered. That may mean that visitors to the website are more at ease when browsing the pages.
 
Improvements

Overall, I think that my website has a lot of very good features that would be beneficial to somebody who wanted support or supporting somebody else with mental health issues. However, there are a few things that would’ve made the website better. These include:
•	Updating the quiz to have questions and answers that are medically correct. I could do this by contacting the NHS or a mental health charity that has done research on mental health issues to find out what I could put in the quiz to create a more valuable tool with a more accurate results page.
•	I could add an accessibility bar that allowed users to change the colour scheme of the website. This would be extremely useful because it would allow more users to access the resources on the website. People that are colour-blind, have dyslexia, or other sight-impairments would find this useful because it would be easier for them to read. This is important because a mental health charity’s website should be accessible for all people.
•	I could encouragement for people that may be struggling with mental health issues. At the moment there is only advice on how to improve mental health, there is no encouragement for people that may need it. It could really mean a lot to a visitor to the site it there was some encouragement.
•	I could add a page that is about the recovery process. This could allow people that are struggling with mental health issues to see what the path forward is. This may mean that they are more likely to want to start on that journey of healing. Some people with mental health issues do not want to improve, and that can be because of their mental health issue. Stories of people’s successes may mean that they are more likely to want to start improving their mental health
•	I could add a search bar to make it easier for users to find specific information they are looking for. This would improve the user’s experience on the website, and that may mean that they are more likely to recommend it to a friend who may also need mental health support.
•	Mental health tracking tools would be a good way for users to track their moods, thoughts, and behaviours. This would mean that users would be able to monitor their mental health progress, which may provide a steady routine to support them on their journey to mental well-being.

There are many other improvements that could be made, but these are the most important ones that could really help those who are struggling and in a time of need.

